# Reflection for Final Project

When Pooja and I started working on this project, it began as a simple idea which was to transform the input from the force sensor into a calming, visual interaction. Initially, we started by creating a basic p5.js file where pressing the sensor created floating flowers which looked plain and dull. Over time, our idea evolved into a far more immersive and expressive system as by continuously experimenting on what features we thought could be added into this project, we expanded this into a fully generative environment where flowers rise, transform into stars, and eventually assemble into constellations.
As the project developed, we shifted from using p5.js to a HTML file on VSCode which allowed far more control over animation, layering, rendering performance and allowed my groupmate and I to work cohesively unlike p5.js which limited this. We introduced features such as constellation previews, shooting stars triggered by triple taps, and rare orbs which were part of the backdrop. The addition of the Log Panel also strengthened the project by letting us observe and debug real time sensor input, which I strongly believe was unique to our project as we could see the results in real time similar to how the serial monitor worked.
Overall, this experience with Arduino has taught me the importance of handling sensor data and tuning sensitivity to create stable and predictable interactions. I learned how crucial parameters like timing delays, and smoothing techniques are for this project to feel responsive as we struggled with working around the unpredictable responsiveness of the sensor. This experience also reinforced to me how hardware, software, and visual design can merge into an expressive experience and I have gained deeper insight into interaction design through this module and project. 

